Update development practices (#4699)
prestosql/presto: DEVELOPMENT.md

> ## Development

Reviewer: Developers should read the development section of the website, which covers thing like development philosophy and contribution process https://prestosql.io/development/

> ### Code Style

Reviewer: We should mention somewhere: no abbreviations, slang or inside jokes as this make is harder for non-native english speaker to understand the code.

We recommend you use IntelliJ as your IDE. The code style template for the project can be found in the [codestyle](https://github.com/airlift/codestyle) repository along with our general programming and Java guidelines. In addition to those you should also adhere to the following:

> * Alphabetize sections in the documentation source files (both in the table of contents files and other regular documentation files). In general, alphabetize methods/variables/sections if such ordering already exists in the surrounding code.

Reviewer: I there an ordering to this section list most important to least, or grouped by category?

Reviewer: I didn't realize that most of this was moved from somewhere else. You don't need to deal with the organization.

* When appropriate, use the stream API. However, note that the stream implementation does not perform well so avoid using it in inner loops or otherwise performance sensitive sections.
* Categorize errors when throwing exceptions. For example, PrestoException takes an error code as an argument, `PrestoException(HIVE_TOO_MANY_OPEN_PARTITIONS)`. This categorization lets you generate reports so you can monitor the frequency of various failures.
* Ensure that all files have the appropriate license header; you can generate the license by running `mvn license:format`.

> * Consider using String formatting (printf style formatting using the Java `Formatter` class): `format("Session property %s is invalid: %s", name, value)` (note that `format()` should always be statically imported). Sometimes, if you only need to append something, consider using the `+` operator.

Reviewer: string format can be crazy slow, so should not be used in performance critical sections of code.

* Ensure that all files have the appropriate license header; you can generate the license by running `mvn license:format`.
* Consider using String formatting (printf style formatting using the Java `Formatter` class): `format("Session property %s is invalid: %s", name, value)` (note that `format()` should always be statically imported). Sometimes, if you only need to append something, consider using the `+` operator.
* Avoid using the ternary operator except for trivial expressions.

> * It is allowed to declare public members in private inner classes if they are part of their API.

Reviewer 2: `It is allowed to declare public members`

`public and protected`?

Reviewer 3: Actually I think it is suggested. Not only allowed. To distinguish public interface of private class from int internal implementation.

> * Avoid using mocking libraries like Mockito. These libraries encourage testing specific call sequences,

Reviewer 3: s/Avoid using/Do not use

* Ensure that all files have the appropriate license header; you can generate the license by running `mvn license:format`.
* Consider using String formatting (printf style formatting using the Java `Formatter` class): `format("Session property %s is invalid: %s", name, value)` (note that `format()` should always be statically imported). Sometimes, if you only need to append something, consider using the `+` operator.
* Avoid using the ternary operator except for trivial expressions.

> * It is suggested to declare public members in private inner classes if they are part of their API.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* It is suggested to declare members in private inner classes as public if they are part of the class API.
```

> * Do not use mocking libraries like Mockito. These libraries encourage testing specific call sequences,
> interactions, and other internal behavior, which leads to fragile tests.
> They also make it possible to mock complex interfaces or classes, which hides the fact that these classes are not (easily) testable.
> We prefer to write mocks by hand, which forces code to be written in a certain testable style.

Reviewer 4: - indent
- small rewording

```suggestion
* Do not use mocking libraries. These libraries encourage testing specific call sequences,
  interactions, and other internal behavior, which we believe leads to fragile tests.
  They also make it possible to mock complex interfaces or classes, which hides the fact that these classes are not 
  (easily) testable.
  We prefer to write mocks by hand, which forces code to be written in a certain testable style.
```

They also make it possible to mock complex interfaces or classes, which hides the fact that these classes are not (easily) testable. 
We prefer to write mocks by hand, which forces code to be written in a certain testable style.
* Use an assertion from Airlift's `Assertions` class if there is one that covers your case rather than writing the assertion by hand. Over time we may move over to more fluent assertions like AssertJ.

> * Using ``var`` is allowed.

Reviewer 2: be more specific maybe.
```
Using ``var`` is allowed when it improves code readability and does not obscure types when reading code from GitHub
```
However, I thought we are more keen on not using ``vars`` as it's not clearly obvious when they improve readability

Author: My bad. Once again I forgot `not`.

Reviewer 5: I disagree with a blanket ban on `var`. There are situation where it can make the code more readable. E.g., it can help break up long stream() chains and allow assigning meaningful names to intermediate steps without having to introduce convoluted type declarations that don't provide any value.

Reviewer 4: would "is discouraged" better reflect the spirit of the slack conversations?

Author: I am fine with this. However, making cases white and black makes it easier to understand. Now, people might start to think about what kind of grey is allowed. To me it is wasted effort.

@martint Should I add you case as allowed exception?

> * Prefer using immutable collections from Guava over unmodifiable collections from JDK.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add some rationale here:
```
 * Guava immutable collections preserve insertion order which is important for planning and query determinism
 * Guava ``copyOf`` does not make a copy of collection if source collection is also Guava immutable collection.
```

Author: >  Guava ``copyOf``

Same for JDK `of` (like `List.of`)

Author: > which is important for planning and query determinism

I guess they are more reasons behind this.  I mentioned only deterministic iteration.

Reviewer 2: > Same for JDK of (like List.of)

That's true, but without changing all usages of Guava to JDK, there will be transitions between Guava <-> JDK, which would trigger full copy. So it's either none or nothing in non-testing code

Author: That is true. But I am not sure if this need to be document. It is kind of obvious that they should not be mixed.
